I grew up as a professional play on den. Of course, at the beginning, everything went up like crazy, I had my first games I've called.
 I was everybody's darling. And then, of course, with the first difficulty, I could not score, I couldn't handle the pressure, some missed chances. Of course you have some doubts, my sport live told me and showed me that after rain. On Sunshine,
 So if you believe in this and I believe in this, I could always manage to situations because I knew that the next chance will be there to welcome back to mine said, when the podcast from Red Bull that's all about developing a winning metal additive. I'll be joined by some of the world's top athletes coaches and managed to break down the mental techniques. They use to get to the top.
 Will translate those insights into practical tools to help you perform better in all areas of your life.
 Is forts. As in life. We're all constantly faced with new challenges and opportunities. When the pressure is on and the stakes are high. Do you think I've got this or is it more likely that your mind floods with questions and doubts? What if things go wrong? What if I'm not good enough?
 The difference between these two powers of thinking can have a huge impact on how you feel and perform, are you facing a challenge to rise up to or threat to back down, from The crucial Factor. Here is self-efficacy, which is a person's confidence that they have what it takes to keep moving towards their gold. That's what today's episode is all about the stick around. If you want to hear how the best of the best build and maintain self-advocacy, even in the face of failure, hopefully you'll walk away with some practical tools to help you build this aspect of your own mental approach.
 In this episode will be hearing from footballer. Mario Gomez, a hugely successful Striker for the German national team and Bayern Munich, and a player who self-advocacy helped him rise to the challenge. When the pressure was on and at the end of the episode, I'll lead you through an exercise to help develop and strengthen your own self. Efficacy Mario Gomez recently. Came to the end of a fantastic career playing for club and Country in just under 20 years of the player. He racked up 170 goals in the Bundesliga and also had a high-profile spells in Italy and turkey. He won League titles with Stuttgart and Bayern Munich and helped Bayern land, the treble of League Cup and Champions League.
 Meanwhile he scored 31 times in 78, appearances for the German national team since retiring as a player in 2020, he's taking on the role of technical director at Red Bull soccer. Meaning, he still very much at the business end of the professional game.
 Amalia Gomez football player and now and the technical director of Red Bulls Soccer. Always going up to the topic was like up and down up and down on 10th and crazy option. Crazy bones as well. So he loved me, but then, the next year, everybody hated me because I, I didn't know score in the Euro Cup in Austria, for example, in each year, I always called a lot, of course. So I had the natural feeling in me that, the next chance we'll come. So even if you miss a chance, the next chance, we'll be there and you have to score and everything is fine again. So, with the frosting into my skills and to my ability to score, I grew up as a professional player. And then, of course, at the beginning, everything went up like crazy, I had my first game that's called. I was everybody Stalin? And then, of course, with the first difficulties, because I could not score, I couldn't handle the pressure because of the expectations or anyting and some missed chances. You have, of course, yes.
 Doubts.
 My sport live told me and showed me that after and it's always Sunshine. So if you believe in this and I believe in this totally, I could always manage the situation.
 Even if it was super difficult people in the stadium, be angry with me or just not happy. And just whistling on me. Sometimes I knew that the next chance will be there and if I scored the people will be back on my side.
 Even as a young player, I always try to understand my teammates. I always try to understand the coaches, the managers was always natural for me to think about what the others are thinking. This is what helps a lot when you understand what's going on, even in the mind of the others. And if I can't find out, I don't have problems to talk directly and honest people. So to find it out with the conversation for me talking is the most important thing in life. So everything, that's a solution if you talk about things,
 I went to the, to the Euro Cup 2008 that we started this this tournament. I've been 22 years old and it went really well. We won the first game 2-0, was everything. Okay with you. The second one against Croatia with my really good game. We have depression in the third game and we had to play against Austria. So I got the nice pass from your clothes away and we was just empty gold 1 m in front of the goalkeeper was not there anymore and I tried to to kick it into the empty. Go in. There was a little hole on the grass and the Beauchamp a little bit of it up and touch the ball. And the right way for the boys went up to this guy. That was just shocked, that could not move any more was like what's Happening Here?
 Quit my young 23 years, I could not handle the situation. So from this moment on I was, let's stay out of the tournament game against me. So even our friends from Germany, they were whistling on me because they they were like this with my Metro talents to know where the ball in the Box will be next. And it's all just came because I wanted to bring back the people on my side and took me like 14 15 months to realize that this is not possible.
 In a certain way. I just told myself I don't care about what people are thinking anymore and it was not the moment, it took weeks or month to realize this and I thought it just 22 following My Own Way slowly. I came back on track, I think 2012, I had the best you in my carrier. I scored more than 50 goals for Bayern Munich.
 We started into the Euro Cup and it wasn't Poland's. I was full of Power, full of energy, and we started to play there and we won against Portugal in the first game, and I scored in the 18th minute.
 German TV expert in is coming after the game, he said, at the end, I was super happy, but right after the game, like, everybody was just talkin about, what? This guy said. So was a really difficult moment because I thought, okay, now I'm back now, I'm really back in the national team and super important play an hour again. And I just want to enjoy this tournament and I'm just happened. But I've been strong, of course, because of the things. What happens? 2008. And I I said once and we want to watch, I think. And I called again, both go. So after two games I had three goals and right after this European Cup, our president from Bayern Munich, had a conversation with some fans when he said that could strike up another very good because if it would be in very good, we had won the game against Chelsea in Premier League final, of course than it is. Is all over again.
 There will be. No, again, many doubts in my person about said, is he able to be a top performer for our national team? Is he able to be like a winner?
 But at the end, if you see just the statistic in this year, I scored more goals, were sent to a minute. I played and goals are scored. I think this was the most successful season so I could what's playing in 5 minutes to the bad comments of many people of experts. Help me a lot to understand my role in this world of football. And and also, what is necessary?
 2049 Pennell Road 29, so it was not easy for me. Because then through this experience, injured knee, really not successful because of this injury. My team, the German national team was winning the World Cup. So this moment totally changed my carrier because I really, really have to wish it was so strong in me that this feeling that I want to come back into the national team into my team. I want to play again for this team was why I just watch the top teams in turkey and I said, okay, so I was there just to get back on track and to get back to the German national team.
 We won the games. We've been Jenkin after nine years. The first time again that the ship has one with the leak.
 I've been best goal scorer in this season, and in November yoga, you for calling me and inviting me again with the German national team at the end of late. So, I think 80 games or something from Germany, and many, many years, a lot of tournaments to come back. After many years, has been one of the biggest successes in my carrier. I always try to see The Sandlot, the rain. This is how I'm going through life and in the soccer World, I prefer to see the positive.
 What an inspiring story from Mario Gomez. One of the things that Mario said that really stood out to me, was that he maintained a feeling that the next chance would always come. He always chose to see the positives and find the sunshine with that mindset and belief failures are not final but actually part of the process that gets you to your next chance to school. I was also struck by, how Mario maintain this perspective. Even in his failure he said it took him months to realize that he needed to let go of what others thought and find the strength to follow his own path to Success Through that challenging process. Mario seem to actually build confidence and his unique talents and approach and that led him to his most successful season. They just told myself. I don't care about what people are thinking anymore and it was not the moment just took weeks or month to realize this, and I thought it just to two following.
 I Own Way slowly, I can back on track and I think 2012, I had the best you in my carrier. I've called more than 50 goals for Bayern Munich.
Depression on footballers playing at the top level is immense. And we've heard Maria speak about how one day he was. Everyone's darling in the next. He faced a wall of anger and hatred from fans about hopefully most of us don't have to endure such extreme reactions but we all have to weather ups and downs and anything we're trying to achieve and really feel Under Pressure what can really help us survive and thrive is a solid belief in ourselves and our own capabilities.
 When Miriam is a chance, he could have internalized that failure seeing it as one more piece of evidence that he didn't have the skills to reach his goals. This type of negative self-belief can a huge impact on performance. But on our self-acceptance, our self-worth and our self-esteem
 Instead Mario started playing for himself, internalizing the things he was doing well and externalizing. The temporary failures that he knew would be a part of the process. Mario's slowly rebuilt his confidence from within basing, it on things he could control rather than on external circumstances for what others might have been thinking. Only, then did he have the belief? He needed to trust this process and play the long game and working towards his goals. Clearly, the new approach worked.
 It is easy to see how Mario story can be applied to our own locks trusting that we're capable of completing tasks and achieving goals is essential to being successful. A recent study from University College, London found that young people who had confidence in their school work, perform better in their exams and that was true for students of all abilities, all too often individual self-advocacy is influenced by what's happening around you and in your life learning to cultivate confidence within is what allows you to move towards long-term success and overcome the setbacks that will inevitably be part of that process.
 Let's talk about how you actually build. Self-efficacy one place to start is to accept the simple fact that all top performers know in their hearts to be true, that Perfection is impossible. And that mistakes are part of everyone's success story just as much as the moments of Glory or achievement to illustrate this point. Let's go through a simple thought. First thing is something you do that you feel confident you can accomplish it could be riding a bike or driving your car to work playing the Wordle or simply being on time. It can be anything as long as it's something, you can confidently own as part of your identity. I'm a good cyclist or driver.
 I'm a champion word Allure.
 I'm punctual.
 Now, if you do your chosen activity on a regular basis, I can guarantee you make the occasional mistake. There's going to be a day when you arrive 5 minutes, late have a setback or God forbid Mister Wordle On Your 6, guess. Yeah. When that happens instantly change yourself believe because, you know, deep down that one mistake doesn't read to find you.
 Step2 what's apply that same thinking to a scenario where the stakes are a bit higher. The kind of situation where you might be tempted to say. I'm not sure I can do this. Maybe I can even try
 For you. It might be delivering a presentation or perhaps is playing competitively for your team in a sporting event. Great players like Mario. Gomez know that mistakes are inevitable here to you're not going to make every shot and when you miss is crucial, not to internalize that failure. Remember when you stall the car Delight, you don't suddenly say to yourself, I can't draw when you arrive 5 minutes. Late one day. You don't think that's it. No one can rely on me for anyting instead you move on quickly and try again.
 Now, I want to leave you with a famous quote, from Wayne Gretzky, that ice hockey Legend, he said, I miss 100% of the shots. You don't take. I think about that quote, a lot, because it encapsulates, what all successful people know to be true that in order to achieve your goals, you have to maintain the confidence to just keep trying. So when you make a mistake and instead of saying, well, maybe I'm not good enough. Try saying yourself next shot like Mario. You can condition yourself to believe that the next opportunity is right around the corner, and that if you keep trying, you'll eventually get it right great players show up and they keep looking for the next opportunity. If you can remember that, you're well on your way to improving yourself believe.
 And that brings us to the end of another episode of mindset when thanks for listening. And if you've missed any episodes, they're all available for you to listen to whenever you like and in the meantime, leave me a message. And follow, subscribe, and tell your friends. See you next time.